Fix the ODSP shared tree demo issue (#24627)
microsoft/FluidFramework: examples/service-clients/odsp-client/shared-tree-demo/README.md

You can run this example using the following steps:

> 1. To kick off the example, update the environment variable by replacing siteUrl, driveId, clientId, entra id with your own. Please check detailed environment variable names in .env.template

Reviewer: I don't think we need quite this level of detail, but I do like part of the feedback here. I don't think we need to specify all of the values that need to be filled in, assuming they're documented in the template. So something like the following might be reasonable.
```suggestion
1. To kick off the example, first copy the `.env.template` file to `.env`, filling in the values with your own.
   See documentation in `.env.template` for details about each value.
```
